Dictionary Boilerplate Template (#23)
DevOps-MBSE/aac-gen-gherkin: docs/source/project_documentation/aac_gen_dictionary.md

# AaC Gen-Dictionary

The `gen-dictionary-file` command of the AaC Gen-Gherkin plugin generates dictionary step files based on provided dictionary step models.

## gen-dictionary-file Command

```bash
aac gen-dictionary-file architecture-file.aac output/directory
```

### Arguments

#### Architecture File

> The AaC file containing the `dictionary_step` definition/s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AaC file containing the `dictionary_step` definition(s).
```

#### Output Directory

> The directory in which the gherkin feature files will be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The directory in which the dictionary step JSON file(s) will be generated.
```

## Dictionary Step Definition
The `gen-dictionary-file` command will generate dictionary step files based on the `dictionary_step` definition, which will appear as follows:

```{eval-rst}
.. literalinclude:: ../../../python/tests/dictionary/dictionary_step.aac
    :language: yaml
    :lines: 1-10
    :emphasize-lines: 1
```

The fields present in a `dictionary_step` definition are:

`name`: The given name for the `dictionary_step`

`feature_name`: The name of the feature this step is supporting.

`statements`: A list of dictionary statements.

`functions`: A list of functions used to support the statements provided.

## Command Usage Examples
`dictionary_step.aac` is a file that contains a series of `dictionary_step` definitions.

Running the following command will generate a `dictionary_step` JSON file from the given definitions.

```bash
aac gen-dictionary-file tests/dictionary/dictionary_step.aac ./output_directory
```

It will also return the following output to the command line:

```bash

> All AaC constraint checks were successful.

Reviewer: This is incomplete now since we expanded location return information, `check` now tells you what file was initially reviewed for constraint eval. So there should be a line between about `Source: path/to/file/`
